Adversaries are mostly Stone Summit dwarves:

Stone Summit should feel somewhat different from Charr.  Plausibly they can default to Move 3.

I think Dwarves (both ally and enemy) can get a standard ability like this:

Dwarven Armor.  Reduce the Pierce value of incoming damage by 1.

which is both flavorful and helps differentiate.

From the MMO:
Warriors: Crusher and Axe Wielder.  Maybe just Crushers, we already have axe Charr.
Casters: Howler (necromancer), Sage (mesmer), Dolyak Rider (monk), Ice Golem (elementalist)
Rangers: Scout
Other: Beastmaster - monster rider that can AOE knockdown with Giant Stomp.  

Differentials from e.g. Charr NPCs:
    the Howler is a mostly-melee necromancer, using e.g. Vampiric Touch.  Might make the overall Stone Summit too melee-heavy?  We could give it a ranged attack and a melee ability?
    the Sage uses Empathy (punishing attacks made by hexed characters).  Could let it mark a hero and strain them when they attack - leans further into the Mesmers-want-to-act-first thing?
    the Scout uses Pin Down (cripples enemies to slow their movement) instead of Ignite Arrows.  There isn't really a good fit for this in the board game yet - there's no 'reduce movement' condition.
    the Dolyak Rider focuses on protection rather than the area-healing from earlier.  Their Shielding Hands and Mark of Protection can make it hard to focus specific targets.  Grant armor/evade tokens?  Restore health when attacked?
    the Ice Golem is water rather than fire magic, with movement-slowing that again doesn't have a clean board game counterpart.

Also probably counting as adversaries rather than beasts are the local Centaur tribes allied with the Stone Summit.

We might not include them, but if we do the obvious mechanical differentiator is speed - we can give centaurs very high move and/or a Mounted ability (exists on some IA figures like the Dewback Rider, grants move at the start of your action.  usually combined with something else to do with a second action)
Centaur enemies here are 
Shiverpeak Warrior (warrior)
Shiverpeak Longbow (ranger)
Shiverpeak Protector (monk)



Beasts:

Ettins (large, tough, thumpy melee warriors.  Come with Stun Immunity that we can probably make condition immunity, and knockdowns that we can make surge:stun)
Minotaurs (also melee warriors, might be redundant with Ettins.  Come with Endure Pain for temporary extra HP when focused.)
Dryders (spidermonsters, necromancers that use Suffering to spread AOE degeneration)
Pinesoul - Trees that throw rocks at you
Ice Drake - water elementalist again that slows movement.